Docs 7055 veeva vault documentation edit1 (#592)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/veevavault/veevavault-connector-design-center.adoc

> = VeevaVault Connector Design Center Configuration - Mule 4

Reviewer: Done

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Anypoint Design Center's Flow Designer enables you to create apps visually. For more information, see the xref:design-center::fd-tour.adoc[Flow Designer Tour].

To create an app in Flow Designer:

* Configure the input source (trigger) for your app.
* Add the connector as a component to process the input for the app.

> For information on Flow Designer field values, see the xref:./veevavault-connector-reference.adoc[VeevaVault Connector Reference].

Reviewer: GLOBAL: information on > information about
```suggestion
For information about Flow Designer field values, see the xref:./veevavault-connector-reference.adoc[VeevaVault Connector Reference].
```

> == Configure the Input Source Trigger

Reviewer: I asked Diane about this template item just recently.
See Jan. 16th Slack convo.
We first refer to "input source (trigger)," as if they are two synonymous terms.
But this title refers to one thing: an input source trigger.
Which is correct?

. In Design Center, click *Create*.
. Click *Create new application* to open Flow Designer.

> . Specify a value for *Project name*, and click *Create*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Specify a value for *Project name* and click *Create*.
```

. Click *Go straight to canvas* to exit from *Let's get started*.

> . Click the trigger card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the trigger card to toggle it on.
```

. If you are using the HTTP Listener operation as a trigger, search for and select HTTP Listener.

> . In the HTTP Listener’s General tab, enter the path-absolute-URL that defines the resource location.	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the HTTP Listener’s General tab, enter the path-absolute-URL value that defines the resource location.	
```

> . Click off the trigger card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the trigger card to toggle it off.
```

Flow Designer automatically saves all changes.

== Configure the Target Component

> The target component enables your app to process data received from the trigger. VeevaVault Connector provides operations that help you integrate VeevaVault with third party applications and services. For example, this integration enables you to creates vault connectivity and retrieve picklists data from Vault, which can be further integrated or process.

Reviewer: hyphenate "third-party" when used as a compound adjective (before a noun object, like "application"):
```suggestion
The target component enables your app to process data received from the trigger. VeevaVault Connector provides operations that help you integrate VeevaVault with third-party applications and services. For example, this integration enables you to creates vault connectivity and retrieve picklist data from the vault, which can be further integrated or processed.
```

. Click *+* next to the trigger card.

> . In *Select a component*, search for the Veeva Vault Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Select a component*, search for the Veeva Vault connector.
```

. Select the connector name.
. Select an operation for the connector, such as *Get Picklists*.

> . If needed, specify values that are required in the General tab. For the Get Picklists operation, enter the required Picklist Name value whose details you want to retrieve.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY limit list items and steps to one sentence:
```suggestion
. If needed, specify values required in the General tab. 
For the Get Picklists operation, enter the name of the picklist whose details you want to retrieve.
```

> . Select Click here to set it up to set up other required fields.

Reviewer: Please doublecheck this:
```suggestion
. Click *Click here to set it up* to set up other required fields.
```

> . Enter Configuration Name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter a configuration name.
```

> . Click Add Connection and enter connection name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Add Connection* and enter the connection name.
```

> . In Connection Type, Select *1-Basic Authentication*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Connection Type, select *1-Basic Authentication*.
```

> . In General tab, enter below required fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the General tab, complete the following required fields:
```
This step could also be simplified to "Complete the General tab fields."

Reviewer: If all the fields are required, as implied by the table intro., why does the table need a third column?
And if there are only two fields...consider a definition/description list.

+
[cols=",",options="header",]
|===

> |*Field* |*Description* | Required?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|*Field* |*Description* | *Required?*
```

|*Name* |Enter a name for this configuration to reference it later. |Yes

> |*Vault URL* |Enter Veeva Vault instance URL. |Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|*Vault URL* |Enter the Veeva Vault instance URL. |Yes
```

|*Username* |Enter the Veeva Vault instance username. |Yes
|*Password* |Enter the corresponding password. |Yes

> |*Version* |Enter the Veeva Vault instance version (e.g: v19.1). |Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|*Version* |Enter the Veeva Vault instance version (for example, v19.1). |Yes
```

> |*Client Id* |Enter Client Id in format *\{organisation}-{company\|team}* to send with each request in header for tracking purpose. The Client Id is prefix with *"mulesoft"* and suffix with *"client-vaultconnector"* internally. E.g : *mulesoft-abcpharma-clinicalprod-client-vaultconnector*. |Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|*Client Id* |Enter a client ID, in the format *\{organisation}-{company\|team}*, to send in each request header, for tracking. 
Prefix this client ID with *"mulesoft"* and end it with with *"client-vaultconnector"* internally: *mulesoft-abcpharma-clinicalprod-client-vaultconnector*. |Yes
```

Reviewer: Do we need to explain "internally"? Are there two different IDs: one internal and one external?

|===
+

> . In Advanced tab, Select Burst API Limit Config and Daily API Limit Config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the Advanced tab, select *Burst API Limit Config* and *Daily API Limit Config*.
```
